docs(crypto): v2 volume encryption support (#1037)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.8.0/important-notes/_index.md

### Auto-salvage Volumes

Auto-salvage volumes are supported from Longhorn v1.8.0.

### Volume Encryption

> Volume encryption is supported from Longhorn v1.8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v1.8.0, Longhorn supports encryption of V1 and V2 volumes.
```

> The volume encryption is supported from Longhorn v1.8.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Volume encryption is supported from Longhorn v1.8.0.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.
